# What is this?
ImportLevelsToSDCard.ps1 is a small powershell application meant to make transferring downloaded levels from SMM1-Level-Downloader to an SD card easier. It lets you pick a source directory (default location is \<Location of folder\>\smm1-level-downloader-win32-x64\resources\app\SMMDownloader\Data\DownloadCache) and uses the this path "\<DriveLetter\>:\wiiu\backups\Super Mario Maker [\<title id based on region\>]\\<memorySlotNumber\>\8000000c" on the sd card to find the course folders which will be overwritten.

# How do I use this?
ImportLevelsToSDCard is designed to be used with SaveMii (https://github.com/w3irDv/savemii). SaveMii is an app that allows you to "backup" savedata from a game on your Wii U to an SD card and "restore" savedata from an SD card to your Wii U. You can download SaveMii from your computer or directly to your Wii U through the Homebrew App Store (https://github.com/fortheusers/hb-appstore).

To start, you will need to "backup" your savedata from the Super Mario Maker game on your Wii U to your SD card. Navigate to "Wii U Title Management / vWii Title Management" then select "Super Mario Maker". Next select "backup" and choose which profile's savedata on the Wii U you are backing up, as well as the backup slot number. Write down or remember the slot number since you will need that later.

After you have backed up your savedata, remove your SD card and connect it to your computer. If you havn't already, download your desired levels using SMM1-Level-Downloader. By default, they should download to "<Location of folder\>\smm1-level-downloader-win32-x64\resources\app\SMMDownloader\Data\DownloadCache".